canonicalName	scientificName	taxonomicStatus	acceptedName
Aedes mattinglyi	Aedes mattinglyi Hamon & Rickenbach, 1954	not accepted	Aedes (Aedimorphus) mattinglyi Hamon & Rickenbach, 1954
Aedes mattinglyorum	Aedes mattinglyorum Huang, 1994	not accepted	Aedes (Stegomyia) mattinglyorum Huang, 1994
Aedes stonei	Aedes stonei Knight & Laffoon, 1946	not accepted	Aedes (Finlaya) stonei Knight & Laffoon, 1946
Aedes stoneorum	Aedes stoneorum Marks, 1977	not accepted	Aedes (Macleaya) stoneorum Marks, 1977
Aegeria pini	Aegeria pini Kellicott, 1881	not accepted	Synanthedon pini (Kellicott, 1881)
Aegeria pinorum	Aegeria pinorum Behrens, 1889	not accepted	Synanthedon sequoiae (Edwards, 1881)
Aegus nakanei	Aegus nakanei Ichikawa & Imanishi, 1976	accepted	
Aegus nakaneorum	Aegus nakaneorum Ichikawa & Fujita, 1986	accepted	
Agaricus hypni	Agaricus hypni Batsch	not accepted	Galerina vittiformis (Fr.) Singer
Agaricus hypnorum	Agaricus hypnorum Schrank	not accepted	Galerina hypnorum (Schrank) Kühner
Ageratina hintonii	Ageratina hintonii R. M. King & H. Rob.	not accepted	Ageratina amblyolepis (B. L. Rob.) R. M. King & H. Rob.
Ageratina hintoniorum	Ageratina hintoniorum B. L. Turner	not accepted	Ageratina vernicosa (Sch. Bip. ex Greenm.) R. M. King & H. Rob.
Agrilus howdeni	Agrilus howdeni Knull, 1957	accepted	
Agrilus howdenorum	Agrilus howdenorum Hespenheide, 2008	accepted	
Alnicola saliceti	Alnicola saliceti (P.D. Orton) Courtec.	not accepted	Naucoria saliceti P.D. Orton
Alnicola salicetorum	Alnicola salicetorum (D.A. Reid) Courtec.	not accepted	Naucoria salicetorum D.A. Reid
Alternaria mali	Alternaria mali Roberts	accepted	
Alternaria malorum	Alternaria malorum U. Braun, Crous & Dugan	accepted	
Amblypodia querceti	Amblypodia querceti Moore, 1857	not accepted	Amblypodia rama (Kollar, 1848)
Amblypodia quercetorum	Amblypodia quercetorum Moore, 1857	not accepted	Surendra quercetorum (Moore, 1857)
Amblypsilopus stuckenbergi	Amblypsilopus stuckenbergi (Vanschuytbroeck, 1957)	accepted	
Amblypsilopus stuckenbergorum	Amblypsilopus stuckenbergorum (Irwin, 1974)	accepted	
Amphidromus abbasi	Amphidromus (Syndromus) abbasi S. Y. Chan & S. K. Tan, 2010	not accepted	Amphidromus abbasi S. Y. Chan & S. K. Tan, 2010
Amphidromus abbasorum	Amphidromus abbasorum Thach, 2017	accepted	
Anacroneuria flinti	Anacroneuria flinti Stark & Sivec, 1998	accepted	
Anacroneuria flintorum	Anacroneuria flintorum Froehlich, 2002	accepted	
Andania abyssi	Andania abyssi Boeck, 1871	not accepted	Andaniexis abyssi (Boeck, 1871)
Andania abyssorum	Andania abyssorum Stebbing, 1888	not accepted	Andaniotes abyssorum (Stebbing, 1888)
Andrena dreisbachi	Andrena dreisbachi Mitchell, 1960	not accepted	Andrena robertsonii Dalla Torre, 1896
Andrena dreisbachorum	Andrena dreisbachorum LaBerge, 1967	accepted	
Andrena lupini	Andrena lupini Cockerell, 1936	not accepted	Andrena angustella Cockerell, 1936
Andrena lupinorum	Andrena lupinorum Cockerell, 1906	accepted	
Andrena pruni	Andrena pruni Robertson, 1891	accepted	
Andrena prunorum	Andrena prunorum Cockerell, 1896	accepted	
Andrena ranunculi	Andrena ranunculi Schmiedeknecht, 1883	accepted	
Andrena ranunculorum	Andrena ranunculorum Morawitz, 1877	accepted	
Anthaxia medvedevi	Anthaxia medvedevi Alexeev, 1975	accepted	
Anthaxia medvedevorum	Anthaxia medvedevorum (Alexeev, 1978)	accepted	
Anthonomus bechynei	Anthonomus bechynei Voss, 1956	accepted	
Anthonomus bechyneorum	Anthonomus bechyneorum Clark, 1987	accepted	
Anthostomella eucalypti	Anthostomella eucalypti H.Y. Yip	accepted	
Anthostomella eucalyptorum	Anthostomella eucalyptorum Crous & M.J. Wingf.	accepted	
Aphis lamii	Aphis lamii Koch, 1854	not accepted	Brachycaudus (Acaudus) lamii (Koch, 1854)
Aphis lamiorum	Aphis lamiorum (Börner, 1950)	not accepted	Aphis (Aphis) lamiorum (Börner, 1950)
Aphis lini	Aphis (Uraphis) lini (Bozhko, 1959)	not accepted	Aphis (Aphis) lini (Bozhko, 1959)
Aphis linorum	Aphis linorum	not accepted	Aphis (Aphis) linorum
Apis cardui	Apis cardui Müller, 1776	not accepted	Bombus soroeensis (Fabricius, 1776)
Apis carduorum	Apis carduorum Schrank, 1802	not accepted	Bombus campestris (Panzer, 1801)
Apogonia xui	Apogonia xui Kobayashi, 2019	accepted	
Apogonia xuorum	Apogonia xuorum Kobayashi, 2016	accepted	
Apoharknessia eucalypti	Apoharknessia eucalypti Crous & M.J. Wingf.	accepted	
Apoharknessia eucalyptorum	Apoharknessia eucalyptorum Crous & M.J. Wingf.	accepted	
Appendiculella vaccinii	Appendiculella vaccinii (Hansf.) Hansf.	accepted	
Appendiculella vacciniorum	Appendiculella vacciniorum Hosag., C.K. Biju & T.K. Abraham	accepted	
Artemisia deserti	Artemisia deserti Krasch.	accepted	
Artemisia desertorum	Artemisia desertorum Nakai	not accepted	Artemisia japonica Thunb.
Ascochyta populi	Ascochyta populi (Delacr.) Sacc.	not accepted	Stagonosporopsis populi (Delacr.) Servazzi
Ascochyta populorum	Ascochyta populorum (Sacc. & Roum.) Voglino	accepted	
Aspidiotus pruni	Aspidiotus pruni Ferris, 1941	not accepted	Diaspidiotus juglansregiae (Comstock, 1881)
Aspidiotus prunorum	Aspidiotus prunorum Borchsenius, 1935	not accepted	Diaspidiotus prunorum (Laing, 1931)
Asplenium bradei	Asplenium bradei Rosenst.	accepted	
Asplenium bradeorum	Asplenium bradeorum Hieron.	not accepted	Asplenium miradorense Liebm.
Atheta fimi	Atheta (Acrotona) fimi Cameron, 1945	not accepted	Acrotona fimi (Cameron, 1945)
Atheta fimorum	Atheta (Oxypodera) fimorum (Brisout de Barneville, 1860)	accepted	
Atheta osellai	Atheta (Pseudobessobia) osellai Pace, 2015	accepted	
Atheta osellaorum	Atheta (Kladobrachydotina) osellaorum Pace, 2008	accepted	
Atheta smetanai	Atheta (Dimetrota) smetanai (Lohse, 1990)	accepted	
Atheta smetanaorum	Atheta (Bessobia) smetanaorum Pace, 1991	accepted	
Atrichopogon wirthi	Atrichopogon wirthi Chan & Linley, 1988	not accepted	Atrichopogon (Atrichopogon) wirthi Chan & Linley, 1988
Atrichopogon wirthorum	Atrichopogon wirthorum Boorman & Harten, 2002	not accepted	Atrichopogon (Atrichopogon) taizi Boorman & Harten, 2002
Aurantiosacculus eucalypti	Aurantiosacculus eucalypti (Cooke & Massee) Dyko & B. Sutton	accepted	
Aurantiosacculus eucalyptorum	Aurantiosacculus eucalyptorum Crous & C. Mohammed	accepted	
Bagadiella eucalypti	Bagadiella eucalypti Crous	accepted	
Bagadiella eucalyptorum	Bagadiella eucalyptorum Crous & Carnegie	accepted	
Barbatula potanini	Barbatula potanini (Günther, 1896)	not accepted	Homatula potanini (Günther, 1896)
Barbatula potaninorum	Barbatula potaninorum (Prokofiev, 2007)	accepted	
Bembidion rousi	Bembidion rousi Vysoky, 1983	not accepted	Bembidion (Ocyturanes) circassicum (Reitter, 1890)
Bembidion rousorum	Bembidion rousorum Fassati, 1992	not accepted	Sinechostictus stomoides rousorum (Fassati, 1992)
Berberis veitchii	Berberis veitchii C. K. Schneid.	accepted	
Berberis veitchiorum	Berberis veitchiorum Hemsl. & E. H. Wilson	not accepted	Mahonia polyodonta Fedde
Blastacervulus eucalypti	Blastacervulus eucalypti H.J. Swart	accepted	
Blastacervulus eucalyptorum	Blastacervulus eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Bombylius painteri	Bombylius painteri Evenhuis, 1978	not accepted	Bombylius (Bombylius) painteri Evenhuis, 1978
Bombylius painterorum	Bombylius painterorum (Hall & Evenhuis, 1981)	accepted	
Bonnierella abyssi	Bonnierella abyssi (Chevreux, 1887)	accepted	
Bonnierella abyssorum	Bonnierella abyssorum (Bonnier, 1896)	accepted	
Bouvardia hintonii	Bouvardia hintonii Bullock	not accepted	Bouvardia loeseneriana Standl.
Bouvardia hintoniorum	Bouvardia hintoniorum B.L.Turner	accepted	
Brachypogon wirthi	Brachypogon wirthi Spinelli, 1990	not accepted	Brachypogon (Isohelea) wirthi Spinelli, 1990
Brachypogon wirthorum	Brachypogon wirthorum Grogan & De Meillon, 1997	not accepted	Brachypogon (Isohelea) wirthorum Grogan & De Meillon, 1997
Caeoma hyperici	Caeoma hyperici Schwein.	not accepted	Uromyces hyperici (Schwein.) M.A. Curtis
Caeoma hypericorum	Caeoma hypericorum (DC.) Schltdl.	not accepted	Melampsora hypericorum (DC.) J. Schröt.
Caligus cresseyi	Caligus cresseyi Ho & Lin, 2003	not accepted	Caligus sciaenops Pearse, 1952
Caligus cresseyorum	Caligus cresseyorum Kabata, 1992	accepted	
Caloplaca filsonii	Caloplaca filsonii Hafellner, S.Y. Kondr. & Kärnefelt	accepted	
Caloplaca filsoniorum	Caloplaca filsoniorum S.Y. Kondr., Kärnefelt & Elix	accepted	
Caloplaca marchantii	Caloplaca marchantii S.Y. Kondr. & Kärnefelt	not accepted	Nevilleiella marchantii (S.Y. Kondr. & Kärnefelt) S.Y. Kondr. & Hur
Caloplaca marchantiorum	Caloplaca marchantiorum S.Y. Kondr. & Kärnefelt	accepted	
Calosoma leleupi	Calosoma (Orinodromus) leleupi (Basilewsky, 1962)	accepted	
Calosoma leleuporum	Calosoma (Castrida) leleuporum (Basilewsky, 1968)	accepted	
Camaena huberi	Camaena huberi Thach, 2017	accepted	
Camaena huberorum	Camaena huberorum Thach, 2023	accepted	
Campanula brotheri	Campanula brotheri Sommier & Levier	not accepted	Campanula raddeana Trautv.
Campanula brotherorum	Campanula brotherorum Feer	not accepted	Campanula sarmatica subsp. sarmatica
Campiglossa footei	Campiglossa footei Thompson, 1999	accepted	
Campiglossa footeorum	Campiglossa footeorum (Novák, 1974)	accepted	
Cercospora allophyli	Cercospora allophyli Hansf.	not accepted	Pseudocercospora allophyli (Hansf.) Deighton
Cercospora allophylorum	Cercospora allophylorum A.K. Kar & M. Mandal	not accepted	Pseudocercospora allophylorum (A.K. Kar & M. Mandal) Bagyan., U. Braun & Jagad.
Cercospora eucalypti	Cercospora eucalypti Cooke & Massee	not accepted	Teratosphaeria eucalypti (Cooke & Massee) Crous
Cercospora eucalyptorum	Cercospora eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Chalicodoma gessi	Chalicodoma gessi (Eardley, 2012)	not accepted	Megachile gessi Eardley, 2012
Chalicodoma gessorum	Chalicodoma gessorum (Eardley, 2012)	not accepted	Megachile gessorum Eardley, 2012
Chamaecrista deserti	Chamaecrista deserti Pedley	accepted	
Chamaecrista desertorum	Chamaecrista desertorum (Mart. ex Benth.) H.S.Irwin & Barneby	accepted	
Chelonus sochii	Chelonus sochii Tobias, 1986	accepted	
Chelonus sochiorum	Chelonus sochiorum (Tobias, 2005)	accepted	
Chicoreus fosteri	Chicoreus (Naquetia) fosteri (D'Attilio & C. M. Hertz, 1987)	not accepted	Naquetia fosteri D'Attilio & C. M. Hertz, 1987
Chicoreus fosterorum	Chicoreus (Triplex) fosterorum Houart, 1989	not accepted	Chicoreus fosterorum Houart, 1989
Cladiopsocus panchei	Cladiopsocus panchei González-Obando, García-Aldrete & Carrejo, 2016	not accepted	Cladiopsocus (Cladiopsocus) panchei González-Obando, García-Aldrete & Carrejo, 2016
Cladiopsocus pancheorum	Cladiopsocus (Cladiopsocus) pancheorum González-Obando, García-Aldrete & Carrejo, 2018	accepted	
Coleophoma eucalypti	Coleophoma eucalypti Z.Q. Yuan	accepted	
Coleophoma eucalyptorum	Coleophoma eucalyptorum Crous & Summerell	accepted	
Collybia eucalypti	Collybia eucalypti Massee	accepted	
Collybia eucalyptorum	Collybia eucalyptorum Cleland	not accepted	Rhodocollybia eucalyptorum (Cleland) J.A. Cooper
Columbicola fradei	Columbicola fradei Adams, Price & Clayton, 2005	not accepted	Columbicola Ewing, 1929
Columbicola fradeorum	Columbicola fradeorum Tendeiro, 1972	accepted	
Conus boschi	Conus boschi Clover, 1972	not accepted	Conus melvilli G. B. Sowerby III, 1879
Conus boschorum	Conus boschorum Moolenbeek & Coomans, 1993	not accepted	Pseudolilliconus boschorum (Moolenbeek & Coomans, 1993)
Conus honkeri	Conus (Attenuiconus) honkeri Petuch, 1988	not accepted	Conus honkeri Petuch, 1988
Conus honkerorum	Conus (Dauciconus) honkerorum (Petuch & R. F. Myers, 2014)	not accepted	Conus honkerorum (Petuch & R. F. Myers, 2014)
Conus huberi	Conus huberi Thach, 2018	not accepted	Conus striatus Linnaeus, 1758
Conus huberorum	Conus huberorum da Motta, 1989	not accepted	Conus loroisii Kiener, 1846
Conus ngai	Conus ngai Thach, 2020	accepted	
Conus ngaorum	Conus ngaorum Thach, 2021	accepted	
Cortinarius alneti	Cortinarius alneti Bidaud	accepted	
Cortinarius alnetorum	Cortinarius alnetorum (Velen.) M.M. Moser	not accepted	Cortinarius iliopodius (Bull.) Fr.
Cortinarius langei	Cortinarius langei Rob. Henry	not accepted	Phlegmacium langei (Rob. Henry) Niskanen & Liimat.
Cortinarius langeorum	Cortinarius langeorum Frøslev & T.S. Jeppesen	not accepted	Calonarius langeorum (Frøslev & T.S. Jeppesen) Niskanen & Liimat.
Cortinarius luci	Cortinarius luci Rob. Henry	accepted	
Cortinarius lucorum	Cortinarius lucorum (Fr.) E. Berger	accepted	
Cortinarius sphagneti	Cortinarius sphagneti P.D. Orton	not accepted	Cortinarius tubarius Ammirati & A.H. Sm.
Cortinarius sphagnetorum	Cortinarius sphagnetorum Bidaud	not accepted	Phlegmacium sphagnetorum (Bidaud) Niskanen & Liimat.
Corynebacterium sphenisci	Corynebacterium sphenisci Goyache et al., 2003	accepted	
Corynebacterium spheniscorum	Corynebacterium spheniscorum Goyache et al., 2003	accepted	
Crepidotus eucalypti	Crepidotus eucalypti (Torrend) Singer	accepted	
Crepidotus eucalyptorum	Crepidotus eucalyptorum Cleland	accepted	
Crossidium deserti	Crossidium deserti W. Frey & Kürschner	accepted	
Crossidium desertorum	Crossidium desertorum Holz. & E.B. Bartram	not accepted	Crossidium crassinervium (De Not.) Jur.
Curculio cerasi	Curculio cerasi auct. non Herbst, J.F.W., 1784	not accepted	Magdalis armigera (Geoffroy, E.L., 1785)
Curculio cerasorum	Curculio cerasorum auct. non Paykull, G. de, 1792	not accepted	Curculio betulae (Stephens, 1831)
Curculio pineti	Curculio pineti Fabricius, J.C., 1792	not accepted	Hylobius excavatus (Laicharting, J.N.E. von, 1781)
Curculio pinetorum	Curculio pinetorum Schrank F.P., 1781	not accepted	Otiorhynchus pinetorum (Schrank F.P., 1781)
Cychrus businskyi	Cychrus (Cychropsis) businskyi (Deuve, 1992)	not accepted	Cychropsis (Cychropsis) businskyi Deuve, 1992
Cychrus businskyorum	Cychrus businskyorum Imura, 2000	accepted	
Cychrus gorodinskii	Cychrus gorodinskii Cavazzuti, 1999	not accepted	Cychrus yunnanus yunnanus Fairmaire, 1887
Cychrus gorodinskiorum	Cychrus gorodinskiorum Deuve, 2013	accepted	
Cytospora pruni	Cytospora pruni Ellis & Dearn.	not accepted	Phomopsis pruni (Ellis & Dearn.) Wehm.
Cytospora prunorum	Cytospora prunorum Sacc., Syd. & P. Syd.	accepted	
Dalea querceti	Dalea querceti Harms	not accepted	Dalea tomentosa var. psoraleoides (Moric.) Barneby
Dalea quercetorum	Dalea quercetorum Standl. & L.O.Williams	accepted	
Dasineura lupini	Dasineura lupini (Felt, 1916)	accepted	
Dasineura lupinorum	Dasineura lupinorum Gagné, 1993	accepted	
Dendryphiella eucalypti	Dendryphiella eucalypti Matsush.	accepted	
Dendryphiella eucalyptorum	Dendryphiella eucalyptorum Crous & E. Rubio	accepted	
Diaporthe mali	Diaporthe mali Miura	not accepted	Diaporthe eres Nitschke
Diaporthe malorum	Diaporthe malorum L. Santos & A. Alves	accepted	
Didymella trifolii	Didymella trifolii (P. Karst.) Sacc.	not accepted	Mycosphaerella trifolii (P. Karst.) Jacz.
Didymella trifoliorum	Didymella trifoliorum M. Morelet	not accepted	Polythrincium trifolii Kunze
Diplodia cacti	Diplodia cacti Rolland	not accepted	Microdiplodia cacti (Rolland) Allesch.
Diplodia cactorum	Diplodia cactorum Speg.	not accepted	Strionemadiplodia cactorum (Speg.) Zambett.
Disculoides eucalypti	Disculoides eucalypti Crous, Pascoe, I.J. Porter & Jacq. Edwards	accepted	
Disculoides eucalyptorum	Disculoides eucalyptorum Crous, Pascoe, I.J. Porter & Jacq. Edwards	accepted	
Dorcadion heinzi	Dorcadion (Cribridorcadion) heinzi Breuning, 1964	not accepted	Dorcadion (Cribridorcadion) scrobicolle heinzi Breuning, 1964
Dorcadion heinzorum	Dorcadion (Pedestredorcadion) heinzorum Braun, 1975	not accepted	Dorcadion (Cribridorcadion) bangi heinzorum Braun, 1975
Drosophila tani	Drosophila tani Cheng & Okada, 1985	not accepted	Drosophila (Sophophora) tani Cheng & Okada, 1985
Drosophila tanorum	Drosophila tanorum Okada, 1964	not accepted	Drosophila (Sophophora) tanorum Okada, 1964
Echeveria purpusii	Echeveria purpusii (K. Schum.) K. Schum.	not accepted	Dudleya cymosa subsp. cymosa
Echeveria purpusiorum	Echeveria purpusiorum A. Berger	accepted	
Elaphoglossum williamsii	Elaphoglossum williamsii Vareschi	not accepted	Elaphoglossum nigrescens (Hook.) T. Moore ex Diels
Elaphoglossum williamsiorum	Elaphoglossum williamsiorum Mickel	accepted	
Elsinoe eucalypti	Elsinoe eucalypti Hansf.	accepted	
Elsinoe eucalyptorum	Elsinoe eucalyptorum Crous & Summerell	accepted	
Epaphiopsis watanabei	Epaphiopsis (Epaphiopsis) watanabei Ueno, 1962	accepted	
Epaphiopsis watanabeorum	Epaphiopsis (Pseudepaphius) watanabeorum Ueno, 1975	accepted	
Erica williamsii	Erica × williamsii Druce	accepted	
Erica williamsiorum	Erica williamsiorum E. G. H. Oliv.	accepted	
Erichsonius klausnitzeri	Erichsonius (Sectophilonthus) klausnitzeri Uhlig, M., 2014	accepted	
Erichsonius klausnitzerorum	Erichsonius (Sectophilonthus) klausnitzerorum Uhlig, M. & B. Uhlig, 2019	accepted	
Eucalyptostroma eucalypti	Eucalyptostroma eucalypti Crous & M.J. Wingf.	accepted	
Eucalyptostroma eucalyptorum	Eucalyptostroma eucalyptorum Crous & M.J. Wingf.	accepted	
Euconnus pecki	Euconnus (Euconnus) pecki Stephan & Chandler, 2021	accepted	
Euconnus peckorum	Euconnus (Tetramelus) peckorum Franz, 1986	accepted	
Eudocima pratti	Eudocima pratti (Bethune-Baker, 1906)	not accepted	Eudocima kuehni (Pagenstecher, 1886)
Eudocima prattorum	Eudocima prattorum (Prout, 1922)	not accepted	Eudocima caesar (Felder, 1861)
Eulecanium cerasi	Eulecanium cerasi Fernald, 1903	not accepted	Eulecanium tiliae (Linnaeus, 1758)
Eulecanium cerasorum	Eulecanium cerasorum Fernald, 1903	not accepted	Eulecanium cerasorum (Cockerell, 1900)
Eupatorium hintonii	Eupatorium hintonii (R. M. King & H. Rob.) B. L. Turner	not accepted	Bartlettina hintonii R. M. King & H. Rob.
Eupatorium hintoniorum	Eupatorium hintoniorum B. L. Turner	not accepted	Koanophyllon hintoniorum (B. L. Turner) Velazco
Euphorbia friesii	Euphorbia friesii (N.E.Br.) Bruyns	accepted	
Euphorbia friesiorum	Euphorbia friesiorum (A.Hässl.) S.Carter	accepted	
Eurytoma eucalypti	Eurytoma eucalypti Ashmead, 1900	not accepted	Stigmeurytoma eucalypti (Ashmead, 1900)
Eurytoma eucalyptorum	Eurytoma eucalyptorum Girault, 1935	accepted	
Exophiala eucalypti	Exophiala eucalypti Crous & Roets	accepted	
Exophiala eucalyptorum	Exophiala eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Favartia deynzeri	Favartia (Favartia) deynzeri Houart, 1998	not accepted	Favartia deynzeri Houart, 1998
Favartia deynzerorum	Favartia deynzerorum (Petuch, 2013)	accepted	
Foliocryphia eucalypti	Foliocryphia eucalypti Cheew. & Crous	accepted	
Foliocryphia eucalyptorum	Foliocryphia eucalyptorum Crous & Thangavel	accepted	
Franzidota smetanai	Franzidota smetanai Pace, 1992	accepted	
Franzidota smetanaorum	Franzidota smetanaorum Pace, 1992	accepted	
Fulgoraria baili	Fulgoraria (Musashia) baili Thach, 2018	not accepted	Fulgoraria baili Thach, 2018
Fulgoraria bailorum	Fulgoraria (Fulgoraria) bailorum Thach, 2014	not accepted	Fulgoraria bailorum Thach, 2014
Fusculina eucalypti	Fusculina eucalypti Crous & Summerell	accepted	
Fusculina eucalyptorum	Fusculina eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Fusicoccum eucalypti	Fusicoccum eucalypti Sousa da Câmara	not accepted	Neofusicoccum mangiferae (Syd. & P. Syd.) Crous, Slippers & A.J.L. Phillips
Fusicoccum eucalyptorum	Fusicoccum eucalyptorum Crous, Hendr. Sm. & M.J. Wingf.	not accepted	Neofusicoccum eucalyptorum (Crous, Hendr. Sm. & M.J. Wingf.) Crous, Slippers & A.J.L. Phillips
Gloeosporium eucalypti	Gloeosporium eucalypti McAlpine	not accepted	Colletotrichum coccodes (Wallr.) S. Hughes
Gloeosporium eucalyptorum	Gloeosporium eucalyptorum Turconi	accepted	
Gloeosporium trifolii	Gloeosporium trifolii Peck	accepted	
Gloeosporium trifoliorum	Gloeosporium trifoliorum Rothers	accepted	
Golovinomyces asperifolii	Golovinomyces asperifolii (Erikss.) U. Braun & H.D. Shin	accepted	
Golovinomyces asperifoliorum	Golovinomyces asperifoliorum (Grev.) U. Braun & H.D. Shin	accepted	
Golovinomyces galii	Golovinomyces galii (S. Blumer) V.P. Heluta	not accepted	Neoerysiphe galii (S. Blumer) U. Braun
Golovinomyces galiorum	Golovinomyces galiorum M. Bradshaw	accepted	
Gryon pecki	Gryon pecki Mineo, 1990	accepted	
Gryon peckorum	Gryon peckorum Masner, 1979	accepted	
Gyrophaena harmandi	Gyrophaena harmandi Fauvel, 1901	not accepted	Gyrophaena (Gyrophaena) harmandi Fauvel, 1901
Gyrophaena harmandorum	Gyrophaena (Gyrophaena) harmandorum Kim, Yoon-Ho & Kee-Jeong Ahn, 2014	accepted	
Haplothrips priesneri	Haplothrips (Chiraplothrips) priesneri Ananthakrishnan, 1961	not accepted	Chiraplothrips graminellus Priesner, 1939
Haplothrips priesnerorum	Haplothrips priesnerorum Pelikan, 1968	not accepted	Haplothrips (Haplothrips) priesnerorum Pelikan, 1968
Harknessia eucalypti	Harknessia eucalypti Cooke	accepted	
Harknessia eucalyptorum	Harknessia eucalyptorum Crous, M.J. Wingf. & Nag Raj	accepted	
Hilberina sphagni	Hilberina sphagni (Cooke) Declercq	accepted	
Hilberina sphagnorum	Hilberina sphagnorum (P. Crouan & H. Crouan) A.N. Mill. & Huhndorf	accepted	
Hydrochus spangleri	Hydrochus spangleri Hellman, 2003	not accepted	Hydrochus yadavi Makhan, 2000
Hydrochus spanglerorum	Hydrochus spanglerorum Perkins, 2019	accepted	
Hyla alleni	Hyla alleni Goin, 1957	not accepted	Dendropsophus rossalleni (Goin, 1959)
Hyla allenorum	Hyla allenorum Duellman & Trueb, 1989	not accepted	Dendropsophus timbeba (Martins & Cardoso, 1987)
Hyla goini	Hyla goini Auffenberg, 1956	not accepted	Dryophytes squirellus (Daudin, 1800)
Hyla goinorum	Hyla goinorum Bokermann, 1962	not accepted	Scarthyla goinorum (Bokermann, 1962)
Ichneumon dilleri	Ichneumon dilleri Heinrich, 1980	accepted	
Ichneumon dillerorum	Ichneumon dillerorum Heinrich, 1968	accepted	
Iris deserti	Iris deserti Uvarov, 1923	accepted	
Iris desertorum	Iris desertorum Moench	not accepted	Iris halophila var. halophila
Kakothrips priesneri	Kakothrips priesneri Pelikan, 1965	accepted	
Kakothrips priesnerorum	Kakothrips priesnerorum Bournier, 1971	accepted	
Keissleriella holmii	Keissleriella holmii (Luttr.) Arx	not accepted	Exserohilum holmii (Luttr.) K.J. Leonard & Suggs
Keissleriella holmiorum	Keissleriella holmiorum Math.	accepted	
Latirus martini	Latirus martini M. A. Snyder, 1988	not accepted	Polygona martini (M. A. Snyder, 1988)
Latirus martinorum	Latirus martinorum Cernohorsky, 1987	not accepted	Granulifusus martinorum (Cernohorsky, 1987)
Lecanium cerasi	Lecanium cerasi Cockerell, 1896	not accepted	Eulecanium tiliae (Linnaeus, 1758)
Lecanium cerasorum	Lecanium cerasorum Cockerell, 1900	not accepted	Eulecanium cerasorum (Cockerell, 1900)
Lecanora coppinsii	Lecanora coppinsii M. Brand & van den Boom	accepted	
Lecanora coppinsiorum	Lecanora coppinsiorum Kantvilas	accepted	
Lembosiniella eucalypti	Lembosiniella eucalypti (Sivan. & R.G. Shivas) Crous	accepted	
Lembosiniella eucalyptorum	Lembosiniella eucalyptorum Crous & Carnegie	accepted	
Lepidium deserti	Lepidium deserti Pavlov	not accepted	Lepidium obtusum Basiner
Lepidium desertorum	Lepidium desertorum Schrenk ex Fisch. & C. A. Mey.	not accepted	Lepidium brachyotum (Kar. & Kir.) Al-Shehbaz
Lepidodexia woodi	Lepidodexia (Notochaeta) woodi (Lopes, 1985)	accepted	
Lepidodexia woodorum	Lepidodexia (Johnsonia) woodorum (Pape, 1989)	accepted	
Leptognathia abyssi	Leptognathia abyssi (Hansen, 1913)	not accepted	Leptognathiella abyssi Hansen, 1913
Leptognathia abyssorum	Leptognathia abyssorum (Dollfus, 1897)	not accepted	Haplocope abyssorum Dollfus, 1897
Leptosphaeria holmii	Leptosphaeria holmii (Lar.N. Vassiljeva) Lar.N. Vassiljeva	not accepted	Leptosphaeria macromodesta Lar.N. Vassiljeva
Leptosphaeria holmiorum	Leptosphaeria holmiorum Chleb.	accepted	
Leptusa rosai	Leptusa (Exaeretopisalia) rosai Pace, 1979	accepted	
Leptusa rosaorum	Leptusa (Micropisalia) rosaorum Pace, 1979	not accepted	Leptusa (Evaniopisalia) angustiarumberninae rosaorum Pace, 1979
Leptusa smetanai	Leptusa (Drepanoleptusa) smetanai Pace, 1989	accepted	
Leptusa smetanaorum	Leptusa (Drepanoleptusa) smetanaorum Pace, 1989	accepted	
Leptusa zanettii	Leptusa (Ectinopisalia) zanettii Pace, 1980	not accepted	Leptusa (Scelopisalia) tirolensis zanettii Pace, 1980
Leptusa zanettiorum	Leptusa (Cryptopisalia) zanettiorum Pace, 1980	accepted	
Lernaeopoda coregoni	Lernaeopoda coregoni Smith S.I., 1874	not accepted	Salmincola extensus (Kessler, 1868)
Lernaeopoda coregonorum	Lernaeopoda coregonorum Kessler, 1868	not accepted	Salmincola coregonorum (Kessler, 1868)
Liothrips bournieri	Liothrips bournieri Sen, 1984	not accepted	Liothrips (Liothrips) bournieri Sen, 1984
Liothrips bournierorum	Liothrips bournierorum Han, 1994	not accepted	Liothrips (Liothrips) bournierorum Han, 1994
Lupinus hintonii	Lupinus hintonii C.P.Sm.	accepted	
Lupinus hintoniorum	Lupinus hintoniorum B.L.Turner	accepted	
Lupinus rosei	Lupinus rosei Eastw.	not accepted	Lupinus caudatus subsp. caudatus
Lupinus roseorum	Lupinus roseorum C.P.Sm.	accepted	
Lycopodium bradei	Lycopodium bradei Herter	not accepted	Palhinhaea bradei (Nessel) Holub
Lycopodium bradeorum	Lycopodium bradeorum Christ & Nutt.	not accepted	Phlegmariurus bradeorum (Christ) B. Øllg.
Macroplodia mali	Macroplodia mali Westend.	not accepted	Aplosporella mali (Westend.) Petr. & Syd.
Macroplodia malorum	Macroplodia malorum (Berk.) Kuntze	not accepted	Botryosphaeria stevensii Shoemaker
Marasmius rhododendri	Marasmius rhododendri Singer	not accepted	Resinomycena pyrenaica Singer
Marasmius rhododendrorum	Marasmius rhododendrorum Kalamees	accepted	
Marginella colombi	Marginella (Insulamarginella) colombi T. Cossignani, 2012	not accepted	Marginella colombi T. Cossignani, 2012
Marginella colomborum	Marginella colomborum (Bozzetti, 1995)	accepted	
Maxillaria bradei	Maxillaria bradei Schltr. ex Hoehne	accepted	
Maxillaria bradeorum	Maxillaria bradeorum (Schltr.) L.O.Williams	accepted	
Maxillaria dunstervillei	Maxillaria × dunstervillei Carnevali & I.Ramírez	accepted	
Maxillaria dunstervilleorum	Maxillaria dunstervilleorum (Carnevali & G.A.Romero) Molinari	accepted	
Megachile gessi	Megachile gessi Eardley, 2012	accepted	
Megachile gessorum	Megachile gessorum Eardley, 2012	accepted	
Megalopinus pecki	Megalopinus pecki Puthz, 1994	accepted	
Megalopinus peckorum	Megalopinus peckorum Puthz, 2012	accepted	
Megarthrus pecki	Megarthrus pecki Cuccodoro & Löbl, 1996	accepted	
Megarthrus peckorum	Megarthrus peckorum Cuccodoro, 1998	accepted	
Microparsus desmodii	Microparsus desmodii	not accepted	Microparsus (Microparsus) variabilis Patch, 1909
Microparsus desmodiorum	Microparsus desmodiorum Smith & Tuatay, 1960	not accepted	Microparsus (Microparsus) desmodiorum Smith & Tuatay, 1960
Milichus dudleyi	Milichus dudleyi Cambefort, 1996	accepted	
Milichus dudleyorum	Milichus dudleyorum Cambefort, 1996	accepted	
Miscophus deserti	Miscophus deserti Berland, 1943	not accepted	Miscophus helveticus Kohl, 1883
Miscophus desertorum	Miscophus desertorum Kazenas, 1978	accepted	
Musca fimeti	Musca fimeti Linnaeus, 1761	not accepted	Themira (Themira) putris (Linnaeus, 1758)
Musca fimetorum	Musca fimetorum Geoffroy, 1785	not accepted	Musca fimetorum Geoffroy, 1785
Mycosphaerella eucalypti	Mycosphaerella eucalypti (Wakef.) Hansf.	accepted	
Mycosphaerella eucalyptorum	Mycosphaerella eucalyptorum Crous & M.J. Wingf.	not accepted	Zasmidium eucalyptorum (Crous & M.J. Wingf.) Quaedvl. & Crous
Mycosphaerella phaseoli	Mycosphaerella phaseoli Chona & Munjal	accepted	
Mycosphaerella phaseolorum	Mycosphaerella phaseolorum Siemaszko	accepted	
Mycosphaerella populi	Mycosphaerella populi (Auersw.) J. Schröt.	accepted	
Mycosphaerella populorum	Mycosphaerella populorum G.E. Thomps.	not accepted	Sphaerulina musiva (Peck) Quaedvl., Verkley & Crous
Mydas evansi	Mydas evansi Wilcox, Papavero & Pimentel, 1989	accepted	
Mydas evansorum	Mydas evansorum Welch, 1991	accepted	
Myrtapenidiella eucalypti	Myrtapenidiella eucalypti (Cheew., K.D. Hyde & Crous) Quaedvl. & Crous	accepted	
Myrtapenidiella eucalyptorum	Myrtapenidiella eucalyptorum Crous & M.J. Wingf.	accepted	
Myxobolus gobii	Myxobolus gobii Naidenova, 1975	accepted	
Myxobolus gobiorum	Myxobolus gobiorum Donec, 1984	accepted	
Nassarius thachi	Nassarius (Zeuxis) thachi H. Dekker, 2004	not accepted	Nassarius thachi H. Dekker, 2004
Nassarius thachorum	Nassarius thachorum H. Dekker, H. H. Kool & van Gemert, 2016	accepted	
Naucoria saliceti	Naucoria saliceti P.D. Orton	accepted	
Naucoria salicetorum	Naucoria salicetorum D.A. Reid	accepted	
Neoanungitea eucalypti	Neoanungitea eucalypti Crous	accepted	
Neoanungitea eucalyptorum	Neoanungitea eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Neofabraea eucalypti	Neofabraea eucalypti Cheew. & Crous	not accepted	Coleophoma eucalypticola Crous
Neofabraea eucalyptorum	Neofabraea eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Nomada dreisbachi	Nomada dreisbachi Mitchell, 1962	accepted	
Nomada dreisbachorum	Nomada dreisbachorum Moalif, 1988	accepted	
Onthophagus howdeni	Onthophagus (Onthophagus) howdeni Zunino & Halffter, 1988	accepted	
Onthophagus howdenorum	Onthophagus (Onthophagus) howdenorum Zunino & Halffter, 1988	accepted	
Ophiobolus sarmenti	Ophiobolus sarmenti (Pass.) Sacc.	accepted	
Ophiobolus sarmentorum	Ophiobolus sarmentorum Dobrozr.	accepted	
Orchis richardii	Orchis richardii Tratt.	not accepted	Dactylorhiza incarnata subsp. incarnata
Orchis richardiorum	Orchis × richardiorum Soca	not accepted	× Anacamptorchis richardiorum (Soca) J.M.H.Shaw
Ostrea fuci	Ostrea fuci Gmelin, 1791	not accepted	Palliolum striatum (O. F. Müller, 1776)
Ostrea fucorum	Ostrea fucorum Lamarck, 1819	not accepted	Dendostrea folium (Linnaeus, 1758)
Otiorhynchus cobosi	Otiorhynchus cobosi Hoffmann, 1957	not accepted	Otiorhynchus (Aranihus) cobosi Hoffmann, 1957
Otiorhynchus cobosorum	Otiorhynchus cobosorum Alonso-Zarazaga, 1984	not accepted	Otiorhynchus (Aranihus) cobosorum Alonso-Zarazaga, 1984
Otiorhynchus muelleri	Otiorhynchus muelleri Rosenhauer, 1856	not accepted	Otiorhynchus (Nilepolemis) dieneri Csiki, 1943
Otiorhynchus muellerorum	Otiorhynchus muellerorum Colonnelli, 2018	not accepted	Otiorhynchus (Anchorrhynchus) muellerorum Colonnelli, 2018
Otiorhynchus podlussanyi	Otiorhynchus (Pseudotiorhynchus) podlussanyi (Magnano, 2004)	accepted	
Otiorhynchus podlussanyorum	Otiorhynchus podlussanyorum Białooki, 2018	not accepted	Otiorhynchus (Choilisanus) podlussanyorum Białooki, 2018
Otocepheus lienhardi	Otocepheus (Acrotocepheus) lienhardi (Mahunka, 1989)	accepted	
Otocepheus lienhardorum	Otocepheus (Acrotocepheus) lienhardorum Mahunka, 2000	accepted	
Pachyrhynchus yoshitakei	Pachyrhynchus yoshitakei Bollino & Rukmane, 2020	accepted	
Pachyrhynchus yoshitakeorum	Pachyrhynchus yoshitakeorum Yoshitake, Bollino & Sandel, 2019	accepted	
Palpomyia wirthi	Palpomyia wirthi Lane, Forattini & Rabello, 1955	accepted	
Palpomyia wirthorum	Palpomyia wirthorum Szadziewski & Grogan, 1997	accepted	
Papuina abbasi	Papuina abbasi Thach, 2016	accepted	
Papuina abbasorum	Papuina abbasorum Thach, 2023	accepted	
Passalora eucalypti	Passalora eucalypti (Crous & Alfenas) Crous & U. Braun	not accepted	Coremiopassalora eucalypti (Crous & Alfenas) U. Braun, C. Nakash., Videira & Crous
Passalora eucalyptorum	Passalora eucalyptorum (Crous) Crous & U. Braun	accepted	
Pedaria genieri	Pedaria genieri Josso & Prévost, 2003	accepted	
Pedaria genierorum	Pedaria genierorum Josso & Prévost, 2015	accepted	
Pelthydrus jaechi	Pelthydrus (Globipelthydrus) jaechi Schönmann, 1994	accepted	
Pelthydrus jaechorum	Pelthydrus (Pelthydrus) jaechorum Schönmann, 1995	accepted	
Penstemon paysonii	Penstemon paysonii Pennell	not accepted	Penstemon moffattii Eastw.
Penstemon paysoniorum	Penstemon paysoniorum D. D. Keck	accepted	
Perrottetia thachi	Perrottetia thachi F. Huber, 2018	accepted	
Perrottetia thachorum	Perrottetia thachorum F. Huber, 2021	accepted	
Perymenium hintonii	Perymenium hintonii Mc Vaugh	accepted	
Perymenium hintoniorum	Perymenium hintoniorum B. L. Turner	accepted	
Peziza pineti	Peziza pineti Batsch	not accepted	Pseudohelotium pineti (Batsch) Fuckel
Peziza pinetorum	Peziza pinetorum Fuckel	not accepted	Moellerodiscus pinetorum (Fuckel) M.P. Sharma
Phanaeus martinezi	Phanaeus martinezi Halffter, 1955	not accepted	Phanaeus (Phanaeus) amethystinus amethystinus Harold, 1863
Phanaeus martinezorum	Phanaeus (Notiophanaeus) martinezorum Arnaud, 2000	accepted	
Pheidole wheeleri	Pheidole wheeleri Mann, 1916	accepted	
Pheidole wheelerorum	Pheidole wheelerorum MacKay, 1988	accepted	
Phlogicylindrium eucalypti	Phlogicylindrium eucalypti Crous, Summerb. & Summerell	accepted	
Phlogicylindrium eucalyptorum	Phlogicylindrium eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Phoma mali	Phoma mali Prill. & Delacr.	not accepted	Mycosphaerella pomi (Pass.) Lindau
Phoma malorum	Phoma malorum (Berk.) Sacc.	not accepted	Botryosphaeria stevensii Shoemaker
Phomopsis pruni	Phomopsis pruni (Ellis & Dearn.) Wehm.	accepted	
Phomopsis prunorum	Phomopsis prunorum (Cooke) Grove	accepted	
Pilosocereus braunii	Pilosocereus braunii Esteves	not accepted	Xiquexique gounellei subsp. zehntneri (Britton & Rose) Lavor & Calvente
Pilosocereus brauniorum	Pilosocereus brauniorum (Esteves) N. P. Taylor & Zappi	accepted	
Piper agostinii	Piper agostinii Yunck.	not accepted	Piper trichoneuron (Miq.) C. DC.
Piper agostiniorum	Piper agostiniorum Steyerm.	accepted	
Pleopeltis bradei	Pleopeltis bradei (de la Sota) Salino	not accepted	Pleopeltis alborufula (Brade) Salino
Pleopeltis bradeorum	Pleopeltis bradeorum (Rosenst.) A. R. Sm. & Tejero	accepted	
Pleurothallis bradei	Pleurothallis bradei Schltr.	not accepted	Pabstiella bradei (Schltr.) Luer
Pleurothallis bradeorum	Pleurothallis bradeorum (Schltr.) Ames, F.T.Hubb. & C.Schweinf.	not accepted	Barbosella dolichorhiza Schltr.
Pleurothallis gonzalezii	Pleurothallis gonzalezii Pabst	not accepted	Acianthera macuconensis (Barb.Rodr.) F.Barros
Pleurothallis gonzaleziorum	Pleurothallis gonzaleziorum Pupulin, M.Díaz & Pridgeon	accepted	
Pleurothallis jesupii	Pleurothallis jesupii Luer	not accepted	Specklinia jesupii (Luer) Luer
Pleurothallis jesupiorum	Pleurothallis jesupiorum Luer & Hirtz	not accepted	Stelis jesupiorum (Luer & Hirtz) Karremans
Polypodium bradei	Polypodium bradei de la Sota	not accepted	Pleopeltis alborufula (Brade) Salino
Polypodium bradeorum	Polypodium bradeorum Rosenst.	not accepted	Pleopeltis bradeorum (Rosenst.) A. R. Sm. & Tejero
Polyporus eucalypti	Polyporus eucalypti Kalchbr.	not accepted	Rhodofomitopsis feei (Fr.) B.K. Cui, M.L. Han & Y.C. Dai
Polyporus eucalyptorum	Polyporus eucalyptorum Fr.	not accepted	Laetiporus portentosus (Berk.) Rajchenb.
Polyscias caroli	Polyscias caroli Harms	not accepted	Polyscias zippeliana (Miq.) Valeton
Polyscias carolorum	Polyscias carolorum Bernardi	accepted	
Psacalium hintonii	Psacalium hintonii (Pippen) H. Rob. & Brettell	accepted	
Psacalium hintoniorum	Psacalium hintoniorum B. L. Turner	accepted	
Pseudocercospora allophyli	Pseudocercospora allophyli (Hansf.) Deighton	accepted	
Pseudocercospora allophylorum	Pseudocercospora allophylorum (A.K. Kar & M. Mandal) Bagyan., U. Braun & Jagad.	accepted	
Pseudocercospora eucalypti	Pseudocercospora eucalypti (Cooke & Massee) Y.L. Guo & X.J. Liu	not accepted	Teratosphaeria eucalypti (Cooke & Massee) Crous
Pseudocercospora eucalyptorum	Pseudocercospora eucalyptorum Crous, M.J. Wingf., Marasas & B. Sutton	accepted	
Pseudophloeospora eucalypti	Pseudophloeospora eucalypti Crous & R.G. Shivas	accepted	
Pseudophloeospora eucalyptorum	Pseudophloeospora eucalyptorum Crous, Jacq. Edwards & Pascoe	accepted	
Pseudosinella ashmolei	Pseudosinella ashmolei Christiansen, KA, 1998	not accepted	Pseudosinella ashmolae Christiansen, KA, 1998
Pseudosinella ashmoleorum	Pseudosinella ashmoleorum da Gama, MM, 1988	accepted	
Pseudosydowia eucalypti	Pseudosydowia eucalypti (Verwoerd & du Plessis) Thambug. & K.D. Hyde	accepted	
Pseudosydowia eucalyptorum	Pseudosydowia eucalyptorum Crous & Carnegie	accepted	
Psilocybe musci	Psilocybe musci Cleland & Cheel	accepted	
Psilocybe muscorum	Psilocybe muscorum (P.D. Orton) M.M. Moser	not accepted	Deconica inquilina (Fr.) Pat. ex Romagn.
Psilocybe wassonii	Psilocybe wassonii R. Heim	not accepted	Psilocybe muliercula Singer & A.H. Sm.
Psilocybe wassoniorum	Psilocybe wassoniorum Guzmán & S.H. Pollock	accepted	
Psychotria maguirei	Psychotria maguirei Standl.	not accepted	Rudgea stipulacea (DC.) Steyerm.
Psychotria maguireorum	Psychotria maguireorum Steyerm.	not accepted	Palicourea maguireorum (Steyerm.) Delprete & J.H.Kirkbr.
Pterostichus tanakai	Pterostichus (Koreonialoe) tanakai Ishida, 1964	accepted	
Pterostichus tanakaorum	Pterostichus (Nialoe) tanakaorum Morita & Ohkura, 1988	accepted	
Puccinia tritici	Puccinia tritici Oerst.	not accepted	Puccinia striiformis Westend.
Puccinia triticorum	Puccinia triticorum Speg.	accepted	
Puliciphora jacobsoni	Puliciphora jacobsoni Schmitz, 1925	accepted	
Puliciphora jacobsonorum	Puliciphora jacobsonorum Disney, 1989	accepted	
Quercus hintonii	Quercus hintonii E.F.Warb.	accepted	
Quercus hintoniorum	Quercus hintoniorum Nixon & C.H.Müll.	accepted	
Rhabdospora polygoni	Rhabdospora polygoni Dearn. & House	not accepted	Ascochyta polygoni (Dearn. & House) Arx
Rhabdospora polygonorum	Rhabdospora polygonorum (Desm.) Kuntze	not accepted	Septoria polygonorum Desm.
Rhaphidophora sarasini	Rhaphidophora sarasini Karny, 1931	accepted	
Rhaphidophora sarasinorum	Rhaphidophora sarasinorum Engl.	accepted	
Rhinolophus hilli	Rhinolophus hilli Aellen, 1973	accepted	
Rhinolophus hillorum	Rhinolophus hillorum Koopman, 1989	accepted	
Rhynchaenus cerasi	Rhynchaenus cerasi (Linnaeus, C., 1758)	not accepted	Magdalis cerasi (Linnaeus, C., 1758)
Rhynchaenus cerasorum	Rhynchaenus cerasorum auct. non (Paykull, G. de, 1792)	not accepted	Curculio betulae (Stephens, 1831)
Rissoina ponderi	Rissoina ponderi Sleurs, 2022	accepted	
Rissoina ponderorum	Rissoina (Rissolina) ponderorum Sleurs, 2023	not accepted	Rissoina ponderorum Sleurs, 2023
Rubus davisii	Rubus davisii D. E. Allen	not accepted	Rubus villicauliformis A. Newton
Rubus davisiorum	Rubus davisiorum L. H. Bailey	not accepted	Rubus pervarius (L. H. Bailey) L. H. Bailey
Rubus friesii	Rubus friesii Jensen ex K. Frid. & Gelert	accepted	
Rubus friesiorum	Rubus friesiorum Gust.	accepted	
Rubus tsangii	Rubus tsangii Merr.	accepted	
Rubus tsangiorum	Rubus tsangiorum Hand.-Mazz.	not accepted	Rubus hatsushimae Koidz.
Russula pineti	Russula pineti (Singer) Trappe & T.F. Elliott	accepted	
Russula pinetorum	Russula pinetorum Murrill	accepted	
Russula querceti	Russula querceti H. Haas & Jul. Schäff.	accepted	
Russula quercetorum	Russula quercetorum Velen.	accepted	
Saccharata eucalypti	Saccharata eucalypti (Crous, Jacq. Edwards & Pascoe) Crous	accepted	
Saccharata eucalyptorum	Saccharata eucalyptorum Crous	accepted	
Salvia deserti	Salvia deserti Decne.	accepted	
Salvia desertorum	Salvia desertorum J.A.Schmidt	not accepted	Salvia scabrida Pohl
Sarcophaga bancrofti	Sarcophaga bancrofti Johnston & Tiegs, 1921	not accepted	Sarcophaga (Fergusonimyia) bancrofti Johnston & Tiegs, 1921
Sarcophaga bancroftorum	Sarcophaga bancroftorum Pape, 1996	not accepted	Sarcophaga (Fergusonimyia) bancroftorum Pape, 1996
Scaphisoma sakaii	Scaphisoma sakaii Löbl, 1988	accepted	
Scaphisoma sakaiorum	Scaphisoma sakaiorum Löbl, 1987	accepted	
Scrophularia deserti	Scrophularia deserti Delile	accepted	
Scrophularia desertorum	Scrophularia desertorum (Munz) R. J. Shaw	accepted	
Sedum hintonii	Sedum hintonii R. T. Clausen	accepted	
Sedum hintoniorum	Sedum hintoniorum B. L. Turner	accepted	
Selaginella smithii	Selaginella smithii O. C. Schmidt	not accepted	Hypopterygiopsis vaginata (Spring) Li Bing Zhang & X. M. Zhou
Selaginella smithiorum	Selaginella smithiorum Valdespino	accepted	
Senecio friesii	Senecio friesii Cabrera	accepted	
Senecio friesiorum	Senecio friesiorum Mildbr.	not accepted	Dendrosenecio adnivalis subsp. friesiorum (Mildbr.) E. B. Knox
Senecio hintonii	Senecio hintonii (H. Rob. & Brettell) Pruski & T. M. Barkley	not accepted	Roldana hintonii H. Rob. & Brettell
Senecio hintoniorum	Senecio hintoniorum B. L. Turner	not accepted	Packera hintoniorum (B. L. Turner) C. Jeffrey
Septoria hyperici	Septoria hyperici Roberge ex Desm.	not accepted	Sphaerulina hyperici (Roberge ex Desm.) Verkley, Quaedvl. & Crous
Septoria hypericorum	Septoria hypericorum N.P. Golovina	accepted	
Septoria polygoni	Septoria polygoni Sousa da Câmara	accepted	
Septoria polygonorum	Septoria polygonorum Desm.	accepted	
Septoria rubi	Septoria rubi Westend.	not accepted	Sphaerulina westendorpii Verkley, Quaedvl. & Crous
Septoria ruborum	Septoria ruborum (Lib.) Westend.	not accepted	Septocyta ruborum (Lib.) Petr.
Specklinia jesupii	Specklinia jesupii (Luer) Luer	accepted	
Specklinia jesupiorum	Specklinia jesupiorum (Luer & Hirtz) Luer	not accepted	Stelis jesupiorum (Luer & Hirtz) Karremans
Sphaerella lini	Sphaerella lini Hulea & Neagu-Ţîrc. ex Sandu	accepted	
Sphaerella linorum	Sphaerella linorum Wollenw.	not accepted	Mycosphaerella linicola Naumov
Sphaeria petioli	Sphaeria petioli Fuckel	not accepted	Gnomonia cerastis (Riess) Ces. & De Not.
Sphaeria petiolorum	Sphaeria petiolorum Schwein.	not accepted	Ambarignomonia petiolorum (Schwein.) Sogonov
Sphaeria rubi	Sphaeria rubi Duby	not accepted	Hypoderma rubi (Pers.) DC.
Sphaeria ruborum	Sphaeria ruborum Lib.	not accepted	Dictyochaeta callimorpha (Mont.) Réblová & Hern.-Restr.
Sphaeropsis mali	Sphaeropsis mali (Westend.) Sacc.	not accepted	Aplosporella mali (Westend.) Petr. & Syd.
Sphaeropsis malorum	Sphaeropsis malorum (Berk.) Berk.	not accepted	Botryosphaeria stevensii Shoemaker
Sphenoptera deserti	Sphenoptera deserti Obenberger, 1920	not accepted	Sphenoptera mesopotamica Marseul, 1866
Sphenoptera desertorum	Sphenoptera desertorum Obenberger, 1926	accepted	
Sporisorium shivasii	Sporisorium shivasii Vánky	not accepted	Anthracocystis confusa (Massee) McTaggart & R.G. Shivas
Sporisorium shivasiorum	Sporisorium shivasiorum Vánky	not accepted	Anthracocystis shivasiorum (Vánky) McTaggart & R.G. Shivas
Stenus campbelli	Stenus campbelli Puthz, 1973	not accepted	Stenus (Stenus) paululus Benick, L., 1924
Stenus campbellorum	Stenus campbellorum Puthz, 1988	not accepted	Stenus (Stenus) campbellorum Puthz, 1988
Stenus puthzi	Stenus (Stenus) puthzi Hromádka, 1977	accepted	
Stenus puthzorum	Stenus puthzorum Naomi & Y. Watanabe, 2015	accepted	
Stenus uhligi	Stenus (Hypostenus) uhligi Puthz, 2006	accepted	
Stenus uhligorum	Stenus (Stenus) uhligorum Puthz, 2006	accepted	
Stevia hintonii	Stevia hintonii (Grashoff) B. L. Turner	accepted	
Stevia hintoniorum	Stevia hintoniorum B. L. Turner	accepted	
Stigmina eucalypti	Stigmina eucalypti Alcorn	not accepted	Teratosphaeria alcornii Crous
Stigmina eucalyptorum	Stigmina eucalyptorum Crous & T.A. Cout.	accepted	
Stipa deserti	Stipa deserti Popov ex Roshev.	not accepted	Stipa aktauensis Roshev.
Stipa desertorum	Stipa desertorum (Roshev.) Ikonn.	not accepted	Stipa glareosa P.A.Smirn.
Streptococcus porci	Streptococcus porci Vela et al., 2010	accepted	
Streptococcus porcorum	Streptococcus porcorum Vela et al., 2011	accepted	
Synanthedon pini	Synanthedon pini (Kellicott, 1881)	accepted	
Synanthedon pinorum	Synanthedon pinorum (Behrens, 1889)	not accepted	Synanthedon sequoiae (Edwards, 1881)
Tachysphex boharti	Tachysphex boharti Krombein, 1963	not accepted	Tachysphex crassiformis Viereck, 1906
Tachysphex bohartorum	Tachysphex bohartorum Pulawski, 1982	accepted	
Tetragnatha gressitti	Tetragnatha gressitti Okuma, 1988	accepted	
Tetragnatha gressittorum	Tetragnatha gressittorum Okuma, 1987	accepted	
Tetrastichus agrili	Tetrastichus agrili Crawford, 1915	accepted	
Tetrastichus agrilorum	Tetrastichus agrilorum Ratzeburg, 1844	not accepted	Baryscapus agrilorum (Ratzeburg, 1844)
Trechiama watanabei	Trechiama (Trechiama) watanabei Ueno, 1971	accepted	
Trechiama watanabeorum	Trechiama (Trechiama) watanabeorum Ueno, 2002	accepted	
Trechus brezinai	Trechus (Trechus) brezinai Deuve & Queinnec, 1992	accepted	
Trechus brezinaorum	Trechus brezinaorum Deuve & Queinnec, 1992	not accepted	Trechus (Trechus) placidus Jeannel, 1962
Tridax hintonii	Tridax hintonii (Turner & Powell) D. J. Keil, Luckow & Pinkava	accepted	
Tridax hintoniorum	Tridax hintoniorum B. L. Turner	accepted	
Trypoxylon townesi	Trypoxylon (Trypoxylon) townesi Tsuneki, 1981	accepted	
Trypoxylon townesorum	Trypoxylon (Trypoxylon) townesorum Tsuneki, 1980	accepted	
Venturia townesi	Venturia townesi (Momoi, 1965)	accepted	
Venturia townesorum	Venturia townesorum Wahl, 1984	accepted	
Vexillum martini	Vexillum martini (Icke & K. Martin, 1907)	not accepted	Vexillum dahanaensis (van der Vlerk, 1931)
Vexillum martinorum	Vexillum (Costellaria) martinorum Cernohorsky, 1986	not accepted	Costapex martinorum (Cernohorsky, 1986)
Xysticus logunovi	Xysticus logunovi Seyfulina & Mikhailov, 2004	accepted	
Xysticus logunovorum	Xysticus logunovorum Blick & Ono, 2021	accepted	
Zasmidium eucalypti	Zasmidium eucalypti (Crous & Summerell) Crous & U. Braun	not accepted	Pseudozasmidium eucalypti (Crous & Summerell) Videira & Crous
Zasmidium eucalyptorum	Zasmidium eucalyptorum (Crous & M.J. Wingf.) Quaedvl. & Crous	accepted	